MTM-64125 Changes related to removing tenant options headers (#3753)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/general-aspects-bundle/security.md

* Authorization: All calls are authenticated using {{< product-c8y-iot >}} credentials with basic or OAuth authorization.
* TLS Termination: TLS inbound calls are terminated and only HTTP is used inside the cluster.
* Metering: The API calls are metered in the API calls tenant statistics.

> * Routing: The API gateway routes requests for <kbd>/service/&lt;name&gt;</kbd> to the microservice _&lt;name&gt;_. The request routed to the microservice container is added to the request headers. If `contextPath` is defined in the application manifest, the API gateway routes requests for <kbd>/service/&lt;contextPath&gt;</kbd>.

Reviewer: I am struggling with understanding...

- The request routed to the microservice container is added to the request headers

Maybe you want to say that the API gateway attachs all HTTP headers from the inbound client request to the request to the microservice container? If so, I would propose rephrasing the sentence this way:

```suggestion
* Routing: The API gateway routes requests for <kbd>/service/&lt;name&gt;</kbd> to the microservice _&lt;name&gt;_. The request routed to the microservice includes the client’s request headers. If `contextPath` is defined in the application manifest, the API gateway routes requests for <kbd>/service/&lt;contextPath&gt;</kbd>.
```

### Encryption {#encryption}

> There is a mechanism to encrypt the tenant options.

Reviewer: Could you add a (at least brief) hint about how microservices can retreive tenant options. This is possible via REST API for sure (in this case a link to the endpoint would be great) or maybe is there a dedicated Java API in the microservice SDK?

Author: IMO this information is contained in line 210 (s. below the non-changed part), or do you mean something else?
